Kyrgystan voters lured by communists by Andre Grabot .
American pop superstars Christina Aguilera and Gwen Stefani are both due in town as is Robbie Williams , all-girl band the Pussycat Dolls and legendary R and B singer songwriter Lionel Ritchie .
Among other winners are Brazilian musician Gilberto Gil and German baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau , American jazz musician Dizzy Gillespie , Russian cellist Mstislav Rostropovitch , British pop musician Elton John , French classical conductor and composer Pierre Boulez , jazz pianist Keith Jarrett , US musician B.B. King and American popular and folk musicians Bruce Springsteen , Quincy Jones , Stevie Wonder and Bob Dylan .
A leading British gay rights campaigner , Peter Tatchell , on Monday applied unsuccessfully for an arrest warrant to be issued against Kissinger , alleging crimes against humanity during the Vietnam war in Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos .
Sapper Steven Marshall was killed Friday some 10 kilometres ( six miles ) south-west of Kandahar City , Canada 's Ministry of Defence said in a statement .
New Zealand teenager Marina Erakovic soaked up the home crowd support to upset 2001 Classic champion Meilen Tu of the United States in a three-set battle .
Physician Brent Kay said that Landis , who four years ago Thursday suffered a neck fracture in a crash , has reclaimed top form for the first time since then .
ATTENTION - INSERTS quotes , Korean doctors refuse ees of US company KBR , a part of the Halliburton group , Kim 's employer said in an interview with Yonhap news agency .
The tough statements came as the International Atomic Energy Agency , the UN nuclear watchdog , met on the Iran crisis in what could be a prelude to the UN Security Council taking steps against Tehran for opening uranium enrichment activities earlier this year .
The movie co-stars Shia LaBeouf , 20 , and Cate Blanchett , 37 , likely as Indy 's son and love interest respectively .
Text of HAMAS statement .
A controversial clause in ICC player contracts bars players from endorsing non-official sponsors for 30 days before and after the tournament .
Engineer Mohamoud Hussein Addow , acting chairman of Ali Mahdi 's SSA faction , on the other hand said the Ethiopian peace conference gave the best opportunity for the Somali factions to overcome their differences .
" Of the approximately 50 young dentists who get their degrees each year in Slovakia , around 25 leave immediately abroad , " president of the Slovak Chamber of Dentists , Jan Gasic , warned at a professional conference in the central town of Sliac .
A further split was reported Wednesday among supporters of north Mogadishu strongman Ali Mahdi Mohamed , with the formation of a new splinter group , and last week other Ali Mahdi supporters disowned Osman Hassan Ali " Atto , " Aidid 's former financier turned bitter rival , accusing him of being a spy for Aidid .
It had been a long time since Gloucester opened the scoring after just three minutes with a superb try by full-back Olly Morgan .
Malaysia 's main opposition party demanded Tuesday a public inquiry into politician Muhammad Muhammad Taib , charged in Australia with trying to leave the country with undeclared money .
The records also show British playwright Noel Coward travelling to New York -- not to mention the passenger list of the ill-fated Titanic , which sank in the Atlantic Ocean in 1912 .
Speaking at the Geneva Airlift Operation Cell ( AOCG ) , Lieutenant-Colonel David Guast said the operation which easily broke the previous record set by a Berlin air bridge which operated for 462 days in 1948-49 , has developed expertise which can be applied elsewhere .
The Taliban captured the Shindand base , 80 kilometres ( 50 miles ) south of Herat city , early Sunday dealing a major blow to the forces of Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani , who were under the command of provincial governor Ismael Khan .
Former top model Carla Bruni turns to English language poets such as W.B. Yeats , Walter De La Mare and Emily Dickinson for the lyrics on her second album of songs , " No promises " , which is to be released next week in France .
Tamil legislator Dharmalingam Sidhathan said he believe that only the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) had the expertise to carry out such a devastating attack .
Apart from firing Watban Ibrahim , Saddam has in the last few months sacked his close aide and brother-in-law Arshad Yassin , who was accused of smuggling antiques .
Abdulmalek Abduladjanov , Tajikistan 's ambassador to Moscow and so far the only candidate challenging Rakhmanov in the Tajik ballot , was also present and left the meeting smiling broadly .
Queen Elizabeth I is thought to have commissioned surveyor Christopher Saxton to produce the maps , which give a picture of the geography of England and Wales on paper in its entirety for the first time .
Chris_Buerry . the first hint that officials knew of genuine problems at Valujet came the very next day when Pena 's own Inspector General Mary Schiavo raised questions about Valujet 's safety and admitted she avoided flying the airline herself because of its many mishaps .
Ted_Koppel . but first correspondent Mike Von Fremd with the views of a number of Valujet employees .
An Iranian hardline daily called Wednesday for the " execution " of British author Salman Rushdie , preferably in the United States , to mark the 13th anniversary of Iran 's religious decree against him .
Sharon instilled " a sense of security , leadership , and stability " , editorialist Attila Somfalvi wrote recently on the Ynet website , adding : " Yet it was only a sense , and a false one at that . "
Algeria-born accused Al-Qaeda sleeper agent Mohamed Harkat was arrested while taking a shower at his home Tuesday , after he was accused of breaking the terms of his parole , his lawyer told AFP .
The PCB has announced a two-man appeal committee comprising former judge Fakhruddin Ibrahim and former Test cricketer Haseeb Ehsan .
Guards ' commander Mohsen Rezai said the exercises " shows Iran can well defend its borders without help from foreign powers . "
On the US Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) list of 22 most wanted terrorists , Mohammed is alleged to have been a key planner of the September 11 , 2001 hijacked airplane attacks in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania which killed more than 3,000 people .
The return of star pace bowler Shane Bond paid immediate dividends for New Zealand , with Sanath Jayasuriya falling victim to his second ball .
Kung fu icon Jet Li was named best actor for his role that portrays martial arts master Huo Yuanjiain in " Fearless ". Chinese starlet Gong Li bagged the best actress gong for her empress role in " Curse of the Golden Flower " , the most expensive film made in Hong Kong with a budget of 45 million US dollars .
27 - OSLO : A year of festivities is launched marking the 100th anniversary of the death of Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg .
And that man was Sir Garfield Sobers .
" Night at the Museum , " starring comedian Ben Stiller as a security guard at a museum whose exhibits come to life , earned 37.8 million dollars over the weekend , according to box office tracker Exhibitor Relations Co .
A French anti-terrorist magistrate on Friday charged 10 people , most of them Algerian or Franco-Algerian , following a swoop on suspected Moslem extremists earlier this week , judicial officials said .
Accompanied by an Italian journalist , Mir Wais was returning to Kabul from the Charasiab headquarters of Hezb-i-Islami faction leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after an interview when he was abducted by masked gunmen .
They also said that gunners of President Burhanuddin Rabbani were firing 122mm long-range rockets at Darulaman in support of Harakat-i-Islami .
The president-elect is married to Dr. Maria Pulley and has four children .
Infamous Norwegian hacker Jon Leck Johansen claims on his online blog that he has found a way to activate the iPhone 's music and Wi-Fi features , but has yet to do the same with the telephone capabilities .
Several people were injured during Tuesday 's unrest in Mandera , according to resident Sahra Ibrahim , who added that some buildings had been torched .
Seizing possession and surging straight at Everton 's defence , he played DaMarcus Beasley into acres of space and the American winger set up Samaras for a close range finish for his fourth goal of the campaign .
The Nigerian Central Bank has taken over management of 17 Nigerian commercial banks because of their poor management and the deterioration of their financial situation , Central Bank Governor Paul Ogunwa announced in Lagos on Friday .
The syndicated television show Extra reported that Spears , 25 , had been collected from Federline 's house by her mother late Wednesday before being delivered back to the Promises center .
Turning to Wichita Lineman 's success McCoy said : " I was worried three out that he would be beaten but he 's got a great attitude and is tough . "
Venturing deep into central Lebanon close to the Syrian border , some 100 kilometres ( 60 miles ) north of Israel , the forces landed after midnight and attacked a hospital run by Hezbollah just outside the city , sparking firece clashes .
" Music directs me , " the 66-year-old told AFP before heading for the eastern French city of Strasbourg where music-lovers hailed her direction and choreography of two dance and operatic works by Igor Stravinsky , Oedipus Rex and the Nightingale .
It 's on the level of Watergate , " Israeli radio 's legal commentator Moshe Hanegbi said .
Minogue had surgery for breast cancer in Melbourne in May 2005 , followed by a course of chemotherapy in Paris where her French actor boyfriend , Olivier Martinez , has a home .
Prominent Indian psychiatrist Achal Bhagat ( no relation ) said people were also thronging Nithari for a sense of reassurance .
Iran brands Israel the number one enemy of the Islamic world and is opposed to any peace overtures toward the Jewish state .
Author Mustafa Mahmoud , a Marxist-turned-Islamist writer who won the 1996 fiction award at the Cairo International Book Fair for his play " A Visit to Heaven and Hell , " waited four months for the green light from the censors .
Midfielder Taddei has a slight injury while Brazilian goalkeeper Doni will make way for his understudy Gianluca Curci .
Following Monday 's vote to choose candidates for the general elections , Beilin was bumped down to 39th spot on the Labour party list , losing all hope of winning a seat in parliament .
Heavy downpours in Flores on Thursday forced 11,000 people in an area known as Reok to leave their homes as floods and landslides struck .
Russia 's second city was founded on swampland on the Gulf of Finland in 1703 by Tsar Peter the Great , who wanted to create an opening to Europe .
( 1200 GMT ) Monday -- minutes before the shooting began , when journalists last saw Khamzatov at the police building -- and 8:00 a.m .
Investigators also linked mujahideen who fought in Afghanistan with Mufti Abdul Hannan , the alleged leader of the Bangladesh chapter of Islamic militant organisation Harkatul Jihad , to the earlier attacks .
But Kumaratunga appointed her cousin and retired army colonel Anuruddha Ratwatte as junior defence minister .
Unconfirmed reports said Mestiri was planning to propose the return of former king Zaher Shah from exile in Rome as an interim arrangement , but aides to Rabbani and Hekmatyar said they both rejected the idea .
Both Piriz-Ballon and Islamic rebel chief Abdullah Nuri were unavailable , he said .
US CBS television bandleader Paul Shaffer was on the scene like a spending machine .
Former commissioner Paul Tagliabue and durable offensive lineman Bruce Matthews headline the list of 17 finalists for the American football 's Hall of Fame .
The tapes show " young men delivering what appear to be martyrdom messages from suicide terrorists , " Ashcroft said , adding that analysis of the tapes suggested the men may be " trained and prepared to commit future suicide terrorist acts " .
The sumptuous movie tells the story of an imperial family which is slowly falling into decline , with battle scenes largely fought out between the sons of the emperor and empress played by Chow and Gong respectively .
Famous faces found when compiling the online database include a 16-year-old British actor called Archibald Leach sailing in 1920 from Southampton to the United States , where he made his name as Hollywood idol Cary Grant .
" By mending the pieces , we first succeeded in saving half of her palm , " surgeon Jawad Najm told AFP .
" In Fischer , Germany has become reconciled with itself : the former rebels with the system , the system with the old rebels , " according to his biographers Matthias Geis and Bernd Ulrich .
" I do n't think that the leading sections of the Islamic current have major differences , " said Al-Dawa activist Jawad Kadhem , 40 , who spent more than 11 years in Saddam 's prisons .
But Sumi Jo , whose agile , effortlessly high coloratura soprano was described by conductor Herbert von Karajan described as " a voice from above " , said the odds were stacked against them achieving their dreams to climb to diva stardom .
A delegation led by ICC general manager Dave Richardson and ICC contract committee member Justice Ahmed Ebrahim was due to meet the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) and player representative Anil Kumble on Monday .
Indians should have known rules , says umpire Harper by Chris Burnes .
But Mu'awiye told journalists here Wednesday that planes that took off from the small KM-50 airstrip near here , which is controlled by Aidid , transported both arms and militiamen from Aidid 's Habr Gedir clan and armed fighters from Ali Tuur 's northern Issak clan .
The top military field commander , Major-General Rohan Daluwatte said Tuesday 's ceremony marked the dismantling of a de facto state run by the LTTE with Jaffna town as its capital in the past five years .
He is considered al-Qaeda 's number three after bin Laden and the Egyptian physician Ayman al-Zawahri , who is also at large .
A spokesman for the " Doctor Ismael Human Rights Organisation " ( DIHRO ) told AFP that the fighting , between supporters of Somali warlord Musa Sudi Yalahow qnd those of his top lieutenant Omar Mohamud Mohamed , had claimed 22 lives and wounded 50 others .
However , he fought back to overcome the handicap of a late start to an uninspiring campaign , with exit polls and early official results indicating that the bespectacled Zedillo had comfortably defeated his rivals -- outspoken former deputy Diego Fernandez de Cevallos of the conservative National Action Party and center-left politician Cuauhtemoc Cardenas .
The prince , who was born in Potsdam in 1922 , was the son of Prince Oskar and grandson of Kaiser Wilhelm II , who ruled Prussia until the monarchy was abolished after World War I. Married with three children , Wilhelm-Karl was also the Count of Ruppin and leader or " Herrenmeister " of the Order of St. John , a Protestant charitable organisation he joined in 1944 .
In the best actor category , heart-throb DiCaprio has earned two nods for " The Departed " and " Blood Diamond . "
The ICC named two former cricketers , Majid Khan of Pakistan and Andrew Hilditch of Australia , and Justice A.L. Sachs of South Africa on the Referees Commission .
" The neighborhood is starting to realize that there is a downside to giving aid and protection to Comrade Bob , " the official said , using a derogatory nickname for Mugabe .
The former manager of US comedienne Joan Rivers told jurors hearing Phil Spector 's murder trial here Thursday how the legendary producer flew into a gun - toting rage and threatened her .
Shah and Solanki replace top-order batsmen Michael Vaughan and Marcus Trescothick after the duo 's involvement in the ongoing Test series in India was cut short .
Often depicted by political satirists as a buffoon , Denis Thatcher was in fact an astute businessman and a millionaire before his wife took over the Conservatives in 1975 , then led them to power in 1979 .
Parity and Professional Equality : Nicole Ameline .
In a statement that covered its front page , the New Straits Times said it had misjudged public reaction when it published the syndicated " Non Sequitur " strip by US cartoonist Wiley Miller on Monday .
Born seven years ago during a dance class for seniors , this 10-member amateur troupe -- the " Mazoretky " , or Majorettes of Horni Lhota , a tiny village of 600 souls -- started off with a simple number dressed as drum majorettes .
Georgian President Edvard Shevardnadze was hustled into a televised debate with a raucous parliament Tuesday by a hunger-striking monarchist , but power cuts meant most Georgians switched off , whether they wanted to or not .
Somalia has been in a state of anarchy and without a government since rebels overthrew Siad Barre 's 21-year regime .
The opposition in Caracas as well as Colombian media and politicians have repeatedly accused the leftist-populist Chavez government of tolerating and even aiding Colombian rebels inside Venezuela .
He said other problems dogging the European gas market are the mismanagement between the gas pipeline system and the production system as well as the persistent lack of harmony among European countries in regulating the industry .
" One man on board , a doctor , sedated Reid .
The damp conditions favoured the bowlers and for Sri Lanka , master spinner Muttiah Muralitharan was always a threat , taking 1-18 from his nine overs .
Lukashenko reaches out to Russia 's Putin after Western snub by Dmitry Zaks ( RECASTS , ADDS Lukashenko , Putin quotes ) Authoritarian Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko turned to Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday for support to break out of international isolation imposed on him by the West .
With Steven Pressley and Paul Hartley already having been allowed to leave to sign for Celtic , the third player who had publicly criticised Romanov , goalkeeper Craig Gordon , was again left on the bench .
As a teenage computer programmer , Simonyi 's greatest ambition had been " to get out of Hungary and emigrate to the West . "
Candidate Zedillo promised to continue those reforms and also attack the poverty that afflicts 40 million Mexicans .
But then Korea has something other Asian countries do not yet have -- their very own international opera star , the graceful coloratura soprano Sumi Jo , who is celebrating the 20th anniversary of her international stage debut this year .
Not content with bringing Rocky back to cinema screens , another Stallone character -- gung-ho Vietnam vet John Rambo -- is coming out of hibernation , 19 years after the third film in the series .
His interlocutor Ephraim Sneh , who is now health minister , acknowledged meeting Kanaan but said any talk of an electoral coordination was " rubbish and nonsense . "
The tens of thousands who had already arrived by early evening were entertained by stars including pop diva Christina Aguilera , rap artists " Three 6 Mafia , " and newcomer rockers " Panic !
He said the week-long gathering of tribal delegates from across Afghanistan would choose the country 's leader on Monday after former monarch Mohammed Zahir Shah 's opening speech .
Forwards : Alex Brown ( Gloucester ) , George Chuter ( Leicester ) , Martin Corry ( Leicester ) , Louis Deacon ( Leicester ) , Perry Freshwater ( Perpignan / FRA ) , Danny Grewcock ( Bath ) , Magnus Lund ( Sale ) , Lee Mears ( Bath ) , Lewis Moody ( Leicester ) , Tim Payne ( Wasps ) , Tom Palmer ( Wasps ) , Tom Rees ( Wasps ) , Steve Thompson ( Northampton ) , Phil Vickery ( Wasps , capt ) , Dan Ward-Smith ( Bristol ) , Julian White ( Leicester ) , Joe Worsley ( Wasps )
The syndicated television show Extra reported that Spears , 25 , had been collected from Federline 's house by her mother late on Wednesday before being delivered back to the Promises center .
Leaflets bearing Jamayetul Mujahideen 's name and calling for the introduction of Islamic law were found at blast sites .
The remains of the longest-living US president in history were borne into the Gerald Ford Museum in Grand Rapids as a lone piper played Amazing Grace .
" Dreamgirls " co-stars Eddie Murphy and Jennifer Hudson had already picked up best supporting actor and actress honors earlier Monday .
" Therefore we declare our full readiness to give back the body of Israeli soldier Ilan Saadon who was kidnapped and killed by one of our armed cells in 1989 , in return for the release of a number of detained fighters of Ezzedin Kassam , with at their head Sheikh Ahmad Yassin , Abdel Karim Obeid and brother Mustafa Dirani and some detainees from other Palestinian factions .
As socialist candidate Lionel Jospin concentrated his attacks on mayor of Paris Chirac in a campaign that looked increasingly convincing , the Gaullist candidate was drawn into a dispute with Balladur , who was eliminated from the presidential race in last Sunday 's first round of polling .
Chinese number one Li Na and Japan 's Aiko Nakamura booked their places in the Australian Open third round Thursday but Indian starlet Sania Mirza bit the dust .
Two other rebel leaders , Sergeant Sherif Usman and Master Sergeant Tuo Fozie , returned to Bouake on Friday .
The only thing to trouble either of the respective goalkeepers , Nick Weaver and Tim Howard , was keeping warm as the temperature dropped .
The second and final term in office of Iran 's incumbent president , embattled pro-reform cleric Mohammad Khatami , ends in June 2005 .
Concerns about the health of dissident Iranian writer Akbar Ganji mounted Monday after he was admitted to hospital outside his Tehran prison following a five-week hunger strike .
Al-Qaeda No.3 was in touch with bin Laden in past two months by Rana Jawad ( RECASTS , INCORPORATING - Laden series ) Al-Qaeda 's alleged terror architect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was in touch with Osama bin Laden this year , and had letters from the elusive al-Qaeda chief which indicated he was " in the region " , Pakistani security officials said Wednesday .
" Engineer Galadima is Major Al-Mustapha 's friend and he had visited him on several occasions in prison .
The same armed group was demanding that Hakim recognise Sadr 's 22 - year-old son Sayed Moqtada Sadr " or he will be punished , " it said .
UN experts spend four hours at Iraq 's old bio and chemical arms centre ( ADDS Iraqi quotes ) UN experts completed Wednesday a four-hour inspection tour of the vast Muthanna military complex where Iraq first launched research into chemical and biological warfare in 1985 .
Dec 31 : US Congressman Todd Tiahrt from Kansas , home of the Burnhams , visits the southern Philippines in an attempt to secure the release of the two .
Fourteen persons were vacationing in Sebu when they were abducted Wednesday by 30 heavily-armed men believed to be members of the extremist Abu Sayyaf group , said Major Vivencio Bataga , operations chief of the army 's Sixth Infantry Division .
Australian striker Viduka sent a low shot past Gerrard and Yakubu was lurking to tap-in his eighth goal of the season .
Billionaire software programmer Charles Simonyi is set to rocket into space Saturday in a flight to the International Space Station ( ISS ) that will make him the world 's fifth space tourist .
A leading British gay rights campaigner , Peter Tatchell , on Monday applied unsuccessfully for an arrest warrant to be issued against Kissinger , 78 , alleging crimes against humanity during the Vietnam war in Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos .
" To send the two texts to the Expediency Council would be to recognise that they go against the constitution and the Sharia , and I refuse to take any step against these even if the Expediency Council decided so , " the president wrote .
Fulham were held to a goalless draw at home by bottom side Watford in a match that was overshadowed by an apparently serious neck injury to the home side 's Finnish goalkeeper Antti Niemi , who was stretchered off midway through the first half .
Hollywood screenwriter and director Paul Schrader will chair the 57th Berlin International Film Festival jury including stars such as Gael Garcia Bernal and Willem Dafoe .
In a poll December 12 , 1991 , Karimov was elected president with 86 percent of the vote , swamping poet Mohammad Salikh , head of the now banned Erk ( Liberty ) party .
Motown 's first bandleader , Joe Hunter , dead at 79 .
The attack provoked Israel 's northern army commander , General Yitzhak Mordechai , to launch an enquiry and ask for a reorganisation of his forces .
But the ICC said electronics giants Samsung , who have six Indian players including vice-captain Rahul Dravid and Virender Sehwag on their payrolls , have continued to issue advertisements in newspapers .
The elected assembly is due to pass a new constitution for Ethiopia , which has been in transition since the May 1991 overthrow of Colonel Mengistu Haile Mariam , now exiled in Zimbabwe .
" The men in uniform are definitely not Turkish soldiers , " Nurkan said , adding , " indeed if any member of the security forces is ever caught doing such a thing , he will be punished by the law " .
CDU national manager Willi Hausmann said the party would now take the case to the federal constitutional court .
Her father and mother , John and Lesley , had tried for a baby for nine years before turning to the new technique , pioneered by gynaecologist Patrick Steptoe and Cambridge University physiologist Robert Edwards , the Sun said .
But despite his sense of fraternity with fellow Spanish speakers , he commented : " To have a Latino point of view ( in the United States ) is not easy .
" Right now , the summit is all snow and ice , " commented surveyor Michael Schmidt in the article .
Egyptian police have detained 42 people suspected of involvement in the stabbing of Nobel prize-winning novelist Naguib Mahfouz , the official daily Al-Jumhuriya reported in its Sunday edition .
US newspapers suggested Negroponte wanted to return to his State Department roots , while columnist Al Kamen in The Washington Post referred to " chatter " hinting about a deal in which Rice could give up her job before the end of Bush 's term in January 2009 , leaving the top spot to her new deputy .
Teen idol Britney Spears and estranged husband Kevin Federline have agreed a temporary custody arrangement for the month of January , court documents revealed Friday .
US-educated Zedillo , who hails from a modest background , won the nomination to run despite the bitter enmity of sections of the PRI old guard and some military leaders .
Pop divas Madonna , Celine Dion , Mariah Carey and Janet Jackson take the next four places , with fortunes ranging from 325 million to 150 million dollars , while actress Julia Roberts is the top-placed Hollywood celebrity , with 140 million .
Portuguese cartoonist Augusto Cid said he was entering an Iranian contest for cartoons of the Holocaust , launched to test the West 's limits on freedom of expression .
Nigerian striker Yakubu struck twice in the space of seven minutes to clinch struggling Middlesbrough 's second win in 10 matches after United 's Phil Jagielka had cancelled out Mark Viduka 's opener .
Timidria , which means fraternity in the Tuareg language , is the country 's only non-governmental organisation fighting slavery .
Most of the camp residents share Sleit 's take on the UN panel , which hoped to arrive in Israel this weekend despite the move by the Jewish state Friday to ask for a last-minute postponement .
Saudi to argue against output cut at OPEC meet : Nuaimi .
" Night at the Museum , " starring comedian Ben Stiller as a security guard at a museum whose exhibits come to life , earned 36.7 million dollars between Friday and Monday , down from earlier estimates , according to new figures released by the box office tracker Exhibitor Relations Co .
" Representatives of the Palestinian Authority and ( Arafat 's ) Fatah ( movement ) met in Gaza late Thursday with a Hamas delegation led by Sheikh Ahmad Yassin , " the group 's spiritual leader , Hamas official Ismail Hania told AFP .
Al Ahram 's decision came five days after the Egyptian actors ' union booted out playwright Ali Salem who visited Israel , seven times between April 1994 and July 1996 .
But Milan mayor Marco Formentini , a key Northern League member , was sceptical about whether his party would back Dini , saying Previti proposed him only " to confuse matters more . "
Saudi specialist Shoryan said the Madrid attacks " ressemble closely what Al-Qaeda does , operations aimed at the senseless destruction of innocent civilians for no reason . "
" With the help of God we were able to escape even if there were many guards , " Bruno said .
Fourteen members of a club football team disappeared in Japan in 1994 while another footballer , Nasir Iqbal , left the team hotel in London last year and never returned .
One is from Taiwan and the second , 29-year-old Korean soprano Hye Myung Kang , will share the stage at MIDEM 's Opera Night on Wednesday with Jo .
Uzbekistan 's ex-communist strongman Islam Karimov expects to strengthen his hold on power in Sunday 's general election , since the official opposition is a party he set up himself .
A sixth foreigner , Norwegian police officer Oeyvind Nordgaren , was released last Friday after negotiations between Norwegian officials and Somaliland 's self-styled president Mohammed Ibrahim Egal .
El Gordo ( fatty ) as he is affectionately known in Spain , having once been known as El Phenomeno ( the phenomenon ) , is seeing dentist Erika Abreu , according to Brazilian paper O Globo .
" As long as there is no harmony among the AU , ECOWAS and the mediation , we cannot find a good solution to this question , " said Konare .
Sydney 's Daily Telegraph reported Kidman and country music singer Urban jetted out of Sydney on Monday in a private jet after a row with paparazzi photographer Jamie Fawcett .
Regarded as pro-Saudi , Saleh was appointed chief-of-staff before being elected head of state by a constituent assembly on July 17 , 1978 .
Eventually the negative publicity proved too much for the school to overlook , and Knight was forced out in September 2000 by Indiana president Myles Brand , who went on to become president of the NCAA .
Pakistani doctors on Sunday rallied behind fast bowlers Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Asif describing their bans for doping as unjust , and offering to challenge the punishments in courts .
" I do not know , but I would love to hire some hackers , " Keheliya Rambukwella said , while adding that he had no access to people who could do the job .
In-form batsman Mahela Jayawardene was Friday named captain of the Sri Lankan squad that will take part in the upcoming Champions Trophy in India .
In the best leading actress category , Mirren was nominated for her performance as Queen Elizabeth II in " The Queen . "
" I thought it was a good lift , " said Qatar weightlifting coach Salman Almass Ahmad .
Canadian singer and songwriter Denny Doherty , a member of the 1960s folk-rock quartet The Mamas and The Papas , died in his home outside Toronto Friday at the age of 66 , local media said .
British singer and actress Marianne Faithfull will appear in the Belgian-German - British competition entry " Irina Palm " as a down-on-her-luck widow forced to take a job in a sex club .
Fidel Castro 's surgeon to treat Uday Hussein .
Hakim ... and Fayyad , " it said , urging swift intervention by " Muslims , honorable people and the United Nations " to safeguard their lives .
One of the CDC specialists , Chesley Richards , was feared to have contracted the disease after developing SARS symptoms and was sent home Friday by a charter plane dispatched by the United States .
The wife of shock rocker Marilyn Manson has filed for divorce , according to court documents published by a celebrity news website on Friday .
The Indian-born British writer Salman Rushdie , who has lived in hiding since an Iranian death edict was passed against him almost seven years ago , Wednesday won the annual Whitbread Prize for the best novel of 1995 .
On Friday the Algerian rai singer Cheb Mami said he had visited Bouteflika the day before and found him " really well " .
Bouteflika , on his first visit to Japan as Algeria 's president , also met Japan 's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko for a brief meeting and then lunch .
As the delay lengthened there were boos from the crowd , while the South African players asked umpires Daryl Harper and Asad Rauf about the " timed out " rule whereby a batsman can be given out if he is not ready to face within three minutes of the previous wicket falling .
According to most political commentators , Sharon 's right-wing Likud is the only party that has something to lose .
CDU legislator Andreas Schmidt told reporters afterwards that Kohl 's " life accomplishment ( as chancellor of German unity ) had benefitted both the party and the country .
Chechens are ready to die or negotiate , says commander by Catherine Triomphe .
Former first lady Nancy Reagan , former Canadian prime minister Brian Mulroney , Republican presidential hopeful Phil Graham and actor Charlton Heston were among the 500 guests at the birthday bash at Union Station .
His break came when the FDP under Hans-Dietrich Genscher , then foreign minister , switched the liberals ' support to the Christian parties in 1982 and he replaced the Social Democrats ' Helmut Schmidt as chancellor .
" The old regulations gave local bigwigs a stick to beat us with , " said Canadian Broadcasting Corporation correspondent Patrick Brown , who has " lost count " of his detentions while reporting .
After being put to the sword by Jonny Wilkinson at Twickenham , Scotland will attempt to bounce back against Wales with the help of one of the England star 's former under-studies , Phil Godman .
An accused terrorist sleeper agent , Mohamed Harkat , appealed to Canada 's high court Thursday to quash his deportation to Algeria , where he says he would be tortured and killed .
Forza Italia 's Vittorio Dotti , who heads the party 's parliamentary caucus , said he envisaged a government led by a Forza Italia figure enjoying the support of the opposition centrist Popular Party ( PPI ) made up of former Christian Democrats under Rocco Buttiglione .
He succeeded his grandfather Sultan Mahommed Shah Aga Khan in 1957 .
Jose Luis Garcia Sabrido , head of surgery and a leading gastroenterologist at Gregorio Maranon , went to Havana to see Castro last month .
He said last July that he liked Ukraine " because ( French novelist Honore de ) Balzac was in love with a Ukrainian princess , " and that he admires Yushchenko , the hero of the " orange revolution . "
Dec 7 : Filipino Senator Panfilo Lacson says he launched a secret but unsuccessful effort in Malaysia to broker the release of the hostages .
Well I am willing to concede anything that we have done wrong and we 're going to get the most open airing of that that anyone has ever seen we had the greatest level of inspection un-unprecedented level of inspection where sixty f. a. a. inspectors for thirty days around the clock looked at every airplane we have I was pleased earlier this month uh to anno-actually last month to announce that at Retired Air Force General J. B. Davis and a fine team of his experts were going to come and take a look and everything Valujet had done General Davis has the full independence without limitation to comment on each and every thing he 's seen we will fix every single deficiency Our goal is for perfection in safety If we do n't have perfection we 'll stand up and talk about each and every one of those flaws but such comments as those about the windshield really deserve a lot of air time a lot of time to explain what really happened there Those things we did wrong we 'll stand up and take responsibility for .
The move remains an unpopular one in the basketball-mad state of Indiana , where Knight still has a multitude of supporters .
Bollywood heart-throb Shah Rukh Khan will become the third Indian actor to be " immortalised in wax " at London 's Madame Tussauds , a statement said .
" I spoke to the coach and Asaad was not injured - it was a pyschological thing , " he said .
The CFDA formed a special committee to look at the issue , composed of designer Diane von Furstenberg , the council 's new president , a nutritionist , a psychiatrist , a trainer and a representative from a fashion PR firm .
Brigadier General Raul Urgello , a divisional commander , said around 100 fighters of the Abu Sayyaf group were firing at the helicopters with automatic weapons from the village of Klobe in South Cotabato province .
In the interview with AFP , he laughed at a magazine cover that showed him in a mock-up photograph head-butting Schuessel , as French footballer Zinedine Zidane had done to an Italian opponent during the World Cup .
More than 1500 demonstrators , most of them army officers , converged on the maximum security prison in Punta Peuco , where retired Brigadier General Pedro Espinoza is behind held , the local news agency Orbe said .
The functionalist-style Maj department store , a local landmark , was constructed in the early 1970s by a group of renowned Czech architects , Miroslav Masak , John Eisler and Martin Rajnis , who were apparently inspired by the revolutionary design of Paris ' Pompidou Centre .
Composer Reich , jazz saxophonist Rollins win Polar Music Prize .
French President Jacques Chirac is to attend along with his Foreign Minister Herve de Charette , former premier Pierre Mauroy and Socialist Party leader Lionel Jospin .
Rapper Snoop Dogg pleaded not guilty to possession of a deadly weapon on Wednesday , following his arrest at a California airport last year for carrying an outlawed police baton .
" We are 'survivalists ' , we do not have this kamikaze spirit of God 's fools , " said the official .
The man was being questioned over the killings of sappers Patrick Azimkar and Mark Quinsey , who where gunned down on March 7 outside the Massereene Barracks in Antrim , northwest of Belfast , as they collected a pizza delivery .
Although he said in interviews earlier this year that he would remain the intelligence czar until Bush leaves office in January 2008 , Negroponte has agreed to return to his State Department roots as deputy secretary of state , the senior State Department official said .
King Birendra on Tuesday appointed communist party chief , Mana Mohan Adhikari , as prime minister of Nepal , it was officially announced .
